Agent0 ReadMe Docs Update | Pull Request (#1627)
delvtech/agent0: README.md

[![testing: coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/delvtech/agent0/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=1S60MD42ZP)](https://app.codecov.io/gh/delvtech/agent0?displayType=list)
[![docs: build](https://readthedocs.org/projects/agent0/badge/?version=latest)](https://agent0.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/delvtech/agent0/main/icons/agent0-dark.svg" width="800" alt="agent0"><br>

> # A Framework for Hyperdrive Trading Strategies

Reviewer: Nit: separate heading with new lines. Some Markdown parsers will struggle to render properly otherwise.
```suggestion

# A Framework for Hyperdrive Trading Strategies
```

> This repo by [DELV](https://delv.tech) contain tools for you to deploy automated trading agents, perform market simulations, and conduct trading research. Read on for more info or jump [here](https://agent0.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#quickstart) to start.

Reviewer: Avoid "click here/there/anywhere" style links in favor of in context links that don't disrupt natural reading.
```suggestion
This repo by [DELV](https://delv.tech) contain tools for you to deploy automated trading agents, perform market simulations, and conduct trading research. Read on for more info or jump into the [quickstart guide](https://agent0.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#quickstart).
```

<br><a href="https://app.codecov.io/gh/delvtech/agent0?displayType=list"><img height="100px" src="https://codecov.io/gh/delvtech/agent0/graphs/sunburst.svg?token=1S60MD42ZP"><a> 

## Hyperdrive Background

> Hyperdrive is an automated market maker (AMM) protocol that enables fixed-rate markets to be built on top of arbitrary yield sources. It deploys assets into those yield sources and wraps them as Hyperdrive positions represented as hy[Tokens] that trade at a discount (%) and can be redeemed for their full face value at maturity. Since the hy[Token]’s initial cost and value at maturity are known upfront, this discounted purchase represents a fixed rate of return.
> 
> 
> Abstracting interest rate dynamics into a single price opens up interesting Market Dynamics while giving users the freedom to employ a number of Trading Strategies.
> 
> 
> To ensure that a balanced market exists where the market price can be increased and decreased by supply and demand, the AMM supports three basic operations:

Reviewer: Nit: remove double empty lines.
```suggestion
Hyperdrive is an automated market maker (AMM) protocol that enables fixed-rate markets to be built on top of arbitrary yield sources. It deploys assets into those yield sources and wraps them as Hyperdrive positions represented as hy[Tokens] that trade at a discount (%) and can be redeemed for their full face value at maturity. Since the hy[Token]’s initial cost and value at maturity are known upfront, this discounted purchase represents a fixed rate of return.

Abstracting interest rate dynamics into a single price opens up interesting Market Dynamics while giving users the freedom to employ a number of Trading Strategies.

To ensure that a balanced market exists where the market price can be increased and decreased by supply and demand, the AMM supports three basic operations:
```

* Opening Longs, which provides exposure to the fixed rate by purchasing hy[Tokens] at a discount to their face value for the price of forgoing the variable rate. Longs pay trading fees to the pool.
* Opening Shorts, which provides exposure to the variable rate generated by the capital that backs hy[Tokens] for the price of paying the fixed rate. Shorts pay trading fees to the pool.
* Providing Liquidity, which facilitates Long and Short trading by automatically taking the other side of user positions, and charges trading fees. Part of the pool's fees may go to a governance address.

> Read more here: [https://docs.hyperdrive.box/](https://docs.hyperdrive.box/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more at [docs.hyperdrive.box](https://docs.hyperdrive.box/)
```

This docs page can be found via [https://agent0.readthedocs.io/en/latest/](https://agent0.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

## What is Agent0?

Agent0 is DELV's Python-based library for testing, analyzing, and interacting with Hyperdrive's smart contracts. It provides ready-for-use trading policies as well as a framework for building smart agents that act according to policies that can be strictly user-designed, AI-powered, or a combination. These agents are deployable to execute trades on-chain or can be coupled with a simulated environment to test trading strategies, understand Hyperdrive, and explore integrations or deployment configurations. 

When running Hyperdrive on a local blockchain, agent0 also provides a managed database delivered to you as Pandas dataframes via an API as well as a visualization dashboard to enable analysis and understanding.

> Read more here: https://docs.hyperdrive.box/hyperdrive-trading-bots/how-agent0-works

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more about [how agent0 works](https://docs.hyperdrive.box/hyperdrive-trading-bots/how-agent0-works) in our [docs](https://docs.hyperdrive.box/).
```
